bonjourno and I'm going to take you to
Italy today the lovely Italian pasta
dish but spiked with vodka so it gives
you a little kick after having it well
it's not that bad that you're going to
get drunk after it but I'm going to
teach you how to make pasta with a vodka
sauce this is harsh you're watching me
on all cooked up and let's get started
to make pasta in a vodka sauce you need
one medium onion finely chopped three to
four cloves of garlic finely chopped 1
and a half teaspoon dried oregano half a
teaspoon dried chili pepper flakes 1 cup
of premium vodka half a kilo of tomatoes
boiled deseeded and made into pulp half
a kilo of tomatoes finely diced quarter
cup heavy cream half a cup cheese half
kilo of pasta boiled and ready salt and
pepper to taste and some kind someone
take some olive oil it's once heated
you're going to add all our onion garlic
and the herbs this summer to add the
pepper oregano so all the juices of
these delicious herbs get mixed with the
oil the red pepper your oregano and the
time are strong adamant so you get a
good aroma and lastly the onion lastly
I'm going to add the garlic garlic fries
the fastest we don't want to burn the
garlic taste in this some salt to taste
up to this will add the puree and the
tomatoes and let this simmer on high
heat till they've all all softened up
now as this sauce comes to a simmer you
can add about half of the cream get a
rich pink color to your sauce that's
when you add the most important
ingredient of this pasta sauce the water
I've got some very boiled penny here now
pastor should always be al dente when I
mean al dente is when you cut it in half
it should be a little raw and you'll
know it notice that the insides are a
bit raw and that's the right kind of
pasta to be used and you top it in your
sauce
just let it cook all together so my
pasta is ready now and I've already
played it up for you so here you go some
fantastic penne with a Watkiss oz I'm
sure this is going to impress any guess
that you serve this to if you want to
adjust the tomato base you can reduce
the tomato sauce also and add more herbs
too it depends upon what you like right
so I hope you enjoyed me on all cooked
up today don't forget to leave me your
comments because I would love to hear
from you don't forget to press the like
button and do subscribe to my channel
all cup cooked up for more such simple
easy and fun recipes